[12.0][ADD] account_payment_term_partner_holiday: Add partner holidays to exclude it when payment term assigned in invoices set due dates (#421)
OCA/account-payment: account_payment_term_partner_holiday/README.rst

    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--payment-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-payment/tree/12.0/account_payment_term_partner_holiday
    :alt: OCA/account-payment
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-payment-12-0/account-payment-12-0-account_payment_term_partner_holiday
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/96/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This addon adds the possibility of defining holiday periods in a
partner so as not to use those periods as the due date on invoices.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to 'Contacts' and create or edit some record.
#. Go to 'Sales & Purchases' tab and create some holidays records.
#. Go to 'Invoicing > Customers > Invoices' or to 'Invoicing > Vendors >
   Invoices' and create or edit some record.

> #. If apply some payment terms and Due date is changed not use holidays date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If the computed due date is inside a holidays period, it's moved to the first available date.
```

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-payment/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-payment/issues/new?body=module:%20account_payment_term_partner_holiday%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

>   * Víctor Martínez

Reviewer: Should you include me as designer/reviewer?
